[Release] Update Release Process Documentation (#13123)
ray-project/ray: release/RELEASE_PROCESS.rst

Release Process
===============

The following documents the Ray release process. Please use the
`Release Checklist`_ to keep track of your progress, as it is meant
to be used alongside this process document. Also, please keep the
team up-to-date on any major regressions or changes to the timeline
via emails to the engineering@anyscale.com Google Group.

Before Branch Cut
-----------------
1. **Create a document to track release-blocking commits.** These may be pull
   requests that are not ready at the time of branch cut, or they may be
   fixes for issues that you encounter during release testing later.
   The only PRs that should be considered release-blocking are those which
   fix a MAJOR REGRESSION (P0) or deliver an absolutely critical piece of
   functionality that has been promised for the release (though this should
   be avoided where possible).

>    You may make a copy of the following `template <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qeOYErAn3BzGgtEilBePjN6tavdbabCEEqglDsjrq1g/edit#gid=0>`_.

Reviewer: Make sure that this is a publicly-accessible document with no internal comments on it

> 
>    Make sure to share this document with the folks at Ant Financial
>    in our open-source collaboration channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   Make sure to share this document with major contributors who may have release blockers.
```
